Adds info/changes for local action testing (#46)
RobotsAndPencils/1password-action: actiontest/readme.md

To run locally. 

1. Install ACT - https://github.com/nektos/act

> 2. RUN: act -P ubuntu-latest=nektos/act-environments-ubuntu:18.04 -j testLocal --secret-file actiontest/.secrets --env-file actiontest/.env

Author: Thanks.. originally I had a separate workflow for testing locally (testLocal) this will become `test`

Couple of things:

- need to use the `ubuntu-latest=nektos/act-environments-ubuntu:18.04` docker image which is 18 GB!
- `test` - the name of your job from the test.yml

> - `--secret-file actiontest/.secrets` is a list of secrets that the docker image uses in replacement of github secrets. Set these locally and do not check in

Author: added a `actiontest/.secrets-example` file

> - `--env-file actiontest/.env` this simply adds in a `ACT=true`. This can be removed once https://github.com/nektos/act/pull/417 is released. Act v > 0.2.17

Author: huh.. guess the `.env` automatically doesn't check in. i'm hoping this is soon irrelevant, when the next version of act is released and the environment variable is automatically added.

I've renamed to `.environment`

> To run locally. 

Reviewer: I wonder if we could remove this directory and have its contents in the root, and part of the reason for that is the root README.md has a Development heading, where these steps might be more easily discoverable. If we do this we'll also need to update the .gitignore with the new secrets path.

Author: 👍

> 1. Install Docker Desktop https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop
> 2. Install ACT - https://github.com/nektos/act
> 3. RUN: act -P ubuntu-latest=nektos/act-environments-ubuntu:18.04 -j test --secret-file actiontest/.secrets --env-file actiontest/.environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install Docker Desktop https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop
1. Install ACT - https://github.com/nektos/act
1. Copy .secrets-example to .secrets and replace `xxxx` with real values
1. Run `npm run act`
```

Adds the secrets step and prefer the act script. Also switched to let markdown rendering do the numbering correctly, which is a personal preference, because I find it makes it easier to edit later.
